add `toggle-window-rule-opacity` action (#991)
YaLTeR/niri: wiki/Configuration:-Key-Bindings.md

```shell
niri msg action do-screen-transition --delay-ms 100
```

### `toggle-window-opacity`

> Toggle the opacity of the active window. This has only an effect if the window's opacity is already set to be semitransparent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toggle the opacity window rule of the focused window.
This only has an effect if the window's opacity window rule is already set to semitransparent.
```
